FIndings overview for did-webplus (#87)
decentralized-identity/did-methods: dif-recommended/findings-did-webplus.md

## W3C Tests

**Yes**, see here: https://w3c.github.io/did-test-suite/#M53

Number of tested implementations of `did:webvh`: **1**

### Implementation: https://github.com/LedgerDomain/did-webplus (Rust)

**Results:** https://github.com/w3c/did-test-suite/blob/main/packages/did-core-test-server/suites/implementations/did-webplus-ledgerdomain.json

41 passing (v1.1 version)

### Implementation: Universal Resolver

**Results:** https://github.com/w3c/did-test-suite/blob/main/packages/did-core-test-server/suites/implementations/universal-resolver-did-webvh.json

19 passing

### Implementation: DIF

**Results:** https://github.com/w3c/did-test-suite/blob/main/packages/did-core-test-server/suites/implementations/dereferencer-dif-webvh.json

14 passing, 1 failing

## Universal Resolver

**NO**; Recommended status contingent on finishing this pending item.

**Docker image:**
n/a

**Example query:**
n/a

## DID Traits

**Yes**, see here:
https://identity.foundation/did-traits/#comparison-of-did-methods

## Multiple Implementations

**No**: the Rust crate is the only end-to-end implementation, although there is some language diversity of verification-side applications.

## Deployments

> **Yes**, in the [OC-i](https://www.oc-i.org/dscsa-authorized-trading-partners) multi-DID production messaing context. see here:

Author: ```suggestion
**Yes**, in the [OC-i](https://www.oc-i.org/dscsa-authorized-trading-partners) multi-DID production messaging context. see here for cross-method testing artefacts:
```
